[IMP] Time Off:  Request time off (#18603)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/time_off/request_time_off.rst

the employee's manager or their time off officer, depending on who the employee's :ref:`time off
approver is <employees/approvers>`.

Submit time off request
=======================

Time off can be requested through the main :ref:`Time Off app dashboard <time_off/request-dash>`, or
the :ref:`My Time Off dashboard <time_off/request-my-dash>`.

.. _time_off/request-dash:

Time off dashboard
------------------

To request time off, open the **Time Off** app. Click the :guilabel:`New` button and a *New Time
Off* pop-up form loads.

Fill out the :ref:`fields on the form <time_off/fields>`, and then click the :guilabel:`Submit
Request` button to submit the time off request.

.. _time_off/request-my-dash:

My time off dashboard
---------------------

To request time off from the *My Time Off* dashboard, navigate to :menuselection:`Time Off app -->
My Time --> My Time Off`. Click the :guilabel:`New` button and a time off request page loads.

Fill out the various :ref:`fields on the form <time_off/fields>`. Once completed, the form
automatically saves and is sent to the corresponding manager and time off officer, and appears in

> their  :ref:`for approval <time_off/manage-time-off>` dashbaord.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
their  :ref:`for approval <time_off/manage-time-off>` dashboard.
```

> their  :ref:`for approval <time_off/manage-time-off>` dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
their :ref:`for approval <time_off/manage-time-off>` dashboard.
```

.. _time_off/fields:

Time off request fields
=======================

Enter the following information on the time off request form:

- :guilabel:`Employee`: When requesting time off from the main **Time Off** app dashboard, this
  field appears. The signed-in employee populates this field by default, and cannot be modified
  unless the user has the necessary :ref:`access rights for the time off type
  <time_off/time-off-requests>`.
- :guilabel:`Time Off Type`: Using the drop-down menu, select the type of time off being requested.
- :guilabel:`Date`: Enter the dates that the time off falls under. There are two fields to populate:

>   the start and end dates. Click on either date field and a popover calendar appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the start and end dates. Click either date field to open a popover calendar.
```
